This file contains the walkthrough on how to use app. For technical details, please refer to readme (technical).txt


High-level requirement 1 - Search by city name or zip code

Scenario 1.1 - Search by city name:

Step 1)	At the main screen of the app, click on the search bar indicated “Search by city name or zip code”

Step 2)	Enter the city name to search
	(If you have entered 3 characters or less, a sorted list of cities in search history will be showed for your selection.)
	(If you have entered more than 3 characters, a list of possible cities will be showed for your selection.)

Step 3)	Click on the city name of the list shown to search
	OR
	Click “Search” on the bottom-right corner on the keyboard to search (if you prefer entering full city name)

Step 4)	A pop-up screen with the name of city and the current weather information will be showed.
	The pop-up page can be dismissed by swiping it down to the bottom.
	(If the current weather information cannot be obtained, an error message will be showed instead.)

Scenario 1.2 - Search by zip code:

Step 1)	At the main screen of the app, click on the search bar indicated “Search by city name or zip code”

Step 2)	Enter the zip code to search

Step 3)	Click “Search” on the bottom-right corner on the keyboard to search

Step 4)	A pop-up screen with the name of city and the current weather information will be showed.
	The pop-up page can be dismissed by swiping it down to the bottom.
	(If the current weather information cannot be obtained, an error message will be showed instead.)


High-level requirement 2 - Search by GPS

Step 1)	At the main screen of the app, click on the top-right location arrow icon.

Step 2)	Click “Allow While Using App” or “Allow Once” to authorise location access for the app
	(If you choose “Allow Once”, it will be showed again the next time you launch the app and use the feature.)

Step 3)	A pop-up screen with the name of city and the current weather information will be showed.
	The pop-up page can be dismissed by swiping it down to the bottom.
	(If the current weather information cannot be obtained, an error message will be showed instead.)


High-level requirement 3 - Most recent search location loads automatically

No step required, the search history will be showed on the main page automatically.


High-level requirement 4 - Recent searches

Step 1)	Click on the city name on the search history list showed on the main page when it is not in edit mode
	(The list will be sorted in descending order of previous searches, i.e. the latest search will be on the top.)

Step 2)	A pop-up screen with the name of city and the current weather information will be showed.
	The pop-up page can be dismissed by swiping it down to the bottom.
	(If the current weather information cannot be obtained, an error message will be showed instead.)


High-level requirement 5 - Delete recent searches

Scenario 5.1 - Delete all searches at once

Step 1)	Click “Edit” on top-left corner to enter edit mode

Step 2)	Click “Delete All” on top-right corner to delete all search records and edit mode will be exited automatically

Scenario 5.2 - Delete one or more (or all) searches at once

Step 1)	Click “Edit” on top-left corner to enter edit mode

Step 2)	Select the records to be deleted

Step 3)	Click “Delete” on the top-right corner to delete selected records

Step 4)	Click “Done” on the top-left corner to exit edit mode


High-level requirement 6 - Multi-market

No step required, technical limitations are discussed in readme (technical).txt

